My god is from childhood or death
My king shall die
Send you to die together
It's not good to despise the devil god, the seal is about to be opened
Little Hand Elephant Seals Martyr Demon God
Poised to ring the bell dream
You are the bloodline spirit Xiaotian, when you are the first sword fairy
Save Jue Zun
It is the devil who is affected by natural disasters
Don't even think about it.
Die
I heard you left
The building is guarding you
Today I will destroy your departed bloodline
Blood in the world
Haoran, do you still remember my ancestral training of the Lin family?
Standing for heaven and earth
Live for the people
Continue to learn for the past
Peace for the world
Haoran
You are willing to sacrifice everything for yourself
Can you give me an enlightened world and all is well?
I would.
I have this energy
I am reincarnated first
Who is your son?
He is the man who protects my building
mother
Should be burning supreme bones
This sword slashed out
Your son will be a complete fool
Then win the seventh-level second king
From now on
Common life is in trouble
Will be willing to die?
Old man, daddy, sorry for you.
Most of the size bones were burned by my father
The rest may not be enough to suppress your life
This disaster
After serving the family, the family will fall into the abyss
Love everyone, you treat me well, drenched in blood
Xiao Tianzun, don't worry.
We will be kind to the world
little day
Xiao Tianzun